---
templateKey: "about-page"
path: /about
title: About me
headshot: /img/headshot.png
---

I'm Ari Kardasis. I'm a software engineer with a long career spanning
different sectors, roles, company stages and team sizes. I've been
coding for over 25 years and by now
I have a pretty good idea of what I'm doing. From mobile games to
blockchain, startups to FAANG, consulting, foundering and IC
engineering, I've worked on a huge array of products in all kinds of
contexts.

My path to tech was neither short nor straight. After majoring in math
as an undergrad, I went on to tutor math and science to high school
and college students. I spent a brief period as a professional chef
before swerving again into architecture, which I studied first at
Princeton and then MIT. At MIT, my love of the beep-boop arts was
reignited in the CS department and at the Media Lab, where building
physical things and digital things are the same thing. As I studied
and used more electronics and digital systems, I began to find my way
to software.

My early consulting career included iOS apps, electromechanical
prototypes, geometry consulting, portfolio websites and eCommerce.
With one foot still in the architecture pool, I was teaching workshops
to architects, specifically in technologies that allow for
computationally generated forms. I advised on 3D printing projects and
even built a delta-style 3D printer named Flagel. I was eager to learn
and experiment with anything I could get my hands on.

I took my first major break from consulting in 2013 to work on
[Space Inch]("https://www.spaceinchgames.com/"), a mobile gaming studio that I co-founded. In 2014, Make It
Rain: The Love of Money shot to the #1 spot on the iTunes store and at
the same time the company sold one of its games to a major game
publisher. In the 4 years that Space Inch was active, the company
accumulated over 50 million downloads. But with the games market flooded,
Space Inch stopped making games in 2017 and I took another shot at
foundering with The Ocean, a decentralized crypto exchange. Being too
early to market is as bad as being too late and The Ocean shut down
after a year and a half.

Since then, I spent a year at AWS building a system to manage the
compute resources for developer tooling. After getting over the utter
system-shock of transitioning from a startup to enterprise, I worked
with a small team to re-architect the infrastructure that AWS uses to
allocate resources for CI/CD pipelines (build, test and deployment) as
well as abstract that layer out to be usable across AWS for
medium-length processes, like training an AI model.

Now, I’m back to consulting because I’m passionate about getting the
right skills to the right place at the right time. The breadth of my
experience gives me a perspective on software that I didn’t have
earlier in my career. I know more languages now than I did then, and I
know all too well the ways that building software can go wrong. But
what brings me back to consulting is knowing the ways that it can go
right!
